What am I afraid of?
Gu Beichen, you know what you have done.
The reason why I don't divorce you
It's because of my own business
It's not finished yet.
Very good Lin Junyu
At the Commander-in-Chief's birthday party tomorrow
I'll let the commander-in-chief judge then
Close the door. Let's go
Okay, I'll wait.
Don't miss the Commander-in-Chief's birthday party tomorrow.
You're going to have a showdown with them.
It's something you know
You will be known sooner or later
Hey
Only tomorrow
They thought they had a bright future
Will become
The stuff of hell
But madam
We're not going home tonight
Where can we go?
That might have to
Trouble help me
My pleasure.
I can hear you.
You don't need to chase
Isn't this close?
Hear better
Hey let go
It's done.
Can't you see me when I'm away from home every day?
Afraid of people, I said I didn't do anything
Hey, wait a minute.
What orders does the princess have?
Don't scream
I like someone as upright as you
I think you're a nice guy.
Reward you 100 yuan of ocean
Be serious
I've always been serious
You go on
The person who didn't make a deal with love
We've checked it out.
When you arrive at Jingping City along the way
We Yuhe Gang people
It will be under control as soon as possible
That's so great!
Gu Beichen's love words are beautiful
Playing with fire
I'm talking about you.
This Lin Jingying and others openly challenged me
I will never forgive him
Oh, Brother Beichen, don't be angry
After our smoky road tomorrow night
We can use the tobacco soil to master the entire boutique
Liquor too
Then the cigarette will be smoked
Even the commander-in-chief has to see what I can do
Let's go